Fixed #36601 -- Fixed a color contrast issue in admin FilteredSelectMultiple widget chosen label. (#19837)
django/django: docs/releases/5.2.7.txt

Bugfixes
========

> * Fixed a regression in Django 5.2 that caused insufficient color contrast of
>   the chosen label of ``filter_horizontal`` and ``filter_vertical`` widgets
>   within a ``TabularInline`` (:ticket:`36601`).

Reviewer: An optional suggestion:
```suggestion
* Fixed a regression in Django 5.2 that reduced the color contrast of
  the chosen label of ``filter_horizontal`` and ``filter_vertical`` widgets
  within a ``TabularInline`` (:ticket:`36601`).
```
